That you guys welcome back.
So we're checking in on the posts that we made before it at this point it's been like two hours.
I want to say and there's about seven or eight people who have applied I imagine towards the end of
this maybe 20 30 will apply especially going to pick someone and close it down.
So some of the people as you know just didn't read the job posting that's pretty normal to be expected.
So a lot of times I just responded with please read the job post or maybe I dropped the PLEASE.
I'm not really sure.
And then hopefully they go back and read it and see the last line has a trial in it.
The trial again like we talked about for the whole idea was just to see that this is someone who can
follow instructions.
They can read the whole thing without applying and I don't want someone who just mass applying.
Even if it has no relevancy to the skill set or what they think they can do.
So I usually give them a second chance by saying read the job post please.
And sometimes they do sometimes they don't.
One guy didn't even get it he's like yes I read the job.
It's like a kid who has to do a book report.
They're like yes I wrote the book.
Oh what's the book about.
What is the book anyway so I found one.
His name is Omar.
He did the trial and he gave me two options that were pretty good.
I mean I checked them out right.
Perfectly fine.
They're English.
They're within the range.
They're all robotics or engineering so I thought those are pretty good snag so I started him on it three
dollars an hour.
That's pretty affordable special because I don't think it's he's going to spend more than an hour every
other day doing this.
I told them to get 200.
But he ended up getting 50 whatever.
That's fine.
This is this is just part of the process.
He didn't really understand what the contract rate was about.
So I said it was hourly.
So he's asked for a milestone.
If you guys are unfamiliar milestones I typically use a fixed price projects because let's say you're
going to pay someone a hundred bucks to do something.
Well they don't want to only get paid 100 at the very end of it because who knows if you'll pay.
They like to have milestones just to prove that you can pay and to give them deadlines and they have
to hit now with really it doesn't really matter what he hits it's that he spends an hour doing something
and he gets paid for his time.
So he had to go back and forth and to kind of explain that to him and show him a screenshot of my account
saying like hey dude it's fine to do that.
And then we pretty much figured it out from there.
Now one of the issues I ran into pretty much immediately.
So let's look at the the list he's made.
He gave me fifty one just from going over these.
Some were good but then some of them actually were the wrong language.
Now I don't blame this on him.
I just this is when I was talking about before where there's always something you haven't thought about
and it's important to try first.
And don't go dive headfirst into the deep end with hiring someone to do work.
Do it make them do a small amount.
Just you can see that we're on the same page as you can see we are not on the same page.
Only one was wrong in terms of followers and this is this one where you put it at 88 thousand.
I wanted to top out 75000 and the other thing was that these were different language accounts.
I didn't tell them to get English.
I just kind of forgot to mention that so I chalked it up to my fault.
So what I'll have to do is go back and explain to him.
So
I started marking the list you made.
Please only find English language like it's first for picked or your book or quirks.
Geez now I don't think we're going to have any problems.
I would have told him to correct this but other than that it looks like what he's picked was fine.
Tech balloon is actually one I've actually message before.
They're one of those ones I don't understand how they're growing so quickly.
Something is going on there so we can look at some of the ones he gave us.
So just go to Instagram so you will search for technology dition.
I'm going to guess this is in English because it's the names in English that go through your head.
And so they have a kick that's generally a good sign means they're probably two promotions.
Looks are the only new iPhones but still.
I mean it's a smaller audience.
So this year like this one would be a good one.
OK.
So the second part of the process was I actually had someone else who I had hired for virtual assistance
to then go and start messaging these.
And so they really said contacted.
And then we're going to start tracking if they responded and then see if we can actually get the promotions
run.
Now when you get him to clean up this list of new rules we'll get him to expand this so it's even longer.
But it's up to you.
I mean you could use the same person to send the messages.
I thought it would be a little simpler if I didn't have yet another person constantly logging into my
account.
I don't want too many people logging in right now.
Jarvi logs when I log in the person who's posting four times a day logs in and then a Virtual Assistant
Project Manager slash project manager is doing the same thing so I just kind of get to a part I'm a
good little concerned especially if someone in some random country that's the world is not related to
the other ones is also longing and so that's what I did.
But it's perfectly normal for you guys to do that.
Just be careful that you know they might lock the account which is perfectly fine you just have to go
in there and then use your phone to unlock it and then hopefully and scream to get to the point where
it recognizes that this is a normal user they're tolerant of most white people using accounts because
they understand that there's a lot of businesses on here.
So it's actually the same IP address same person every single time.
So just keep that in mind.
OK so this is pretty much the beginnings of making a semi automatic outreach.
I think this is probably going to be more fruitful than the other one just because we will get the accuracy
to a point where it's actually good and with an actual human operator looking at this and sending messages
we can make changes.
Notice problems whereas with Jarvi it's all automatic.
So you kind of have to just keep on a roll with it.
But ok.
I mean this is pretty fruitful.
I'll have to start acting.
You know maybe two hours worth a day or an hour or a day it's $3 day.
So ideally we could add several hundred and then just start going through these and start messaging
them and then slowly kind of tracking the process as they go.
It'll probably end up doing is adding another column if they say no which is perfectly normal.
But I just want to make sure that don't message them again.
OK.
So this is a semi-automatic way of doing it.
You guys can use the exact same system I use you can even copy the job post just remember to mention
that it needs to be in the same language as your account.
OK.
All right so with that being said let's move on to the fully automatic version.
The Jarvi automatic outreach strategy.
See that.